Okay.
Do you guys like orchestra class?
At all.
I was just wondering.
ahh
Is it because like people practice and they're ready and like the conductor's also like...
yes yes
ah yeah yeah
(***)
Yeah
ha ha
(***) like  (***)
Did you guys have like a California orchestra?
For me, it's called IMEA. (***)
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. (***)
That was really fun.
Yeah.
What do you guys think about contemporary music?
I just don't find that as fascinating as like
Like, I think for me, Ori's straw depends on what rep you're playing.
I would not enjoy it if we're just playing.
i was yeah for eample
Okay, okay.
oh i see
ha ha ha
One thing I was surprised when I got here
Don't you think UCLA Artists Draw?
Absence policy is very nice here. I don't know.
But like, back at my place?
Really? At U of I? Like, you cannot miss any.
For every sickness, they'll be like
Give me a doctor's note. But here, I feel like...
people are just gone for gigs like how how is that possible
Only for (***)
I see.
I think Ally also told me she like
looks at the emails too. You know what shocked me? To like
i think jaeson (***) here whole cycle
He had Colvin I was like
and they didn't ask for like you
huhh (***)